[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> narrator: THIS IS THE TALE
OF A MAN WHO PIERCES THE FATE
OF A UNIVERSE RULED BY THE
ENDLESS CYCLE OF VIOLENCE.
THE LOCATION OF THE
ANTI‐SPIRALS’ HOME PLANET
HAS FINALLY BEEN DISCOVERED.
FOR THE RING THAT SIMON HAD
GIVEN NIA WAS DETECTED
BY THE SPIRAL SCAN.
IF SIMON GOES THERE,
HE WILL SEE NIA ONCE AGAIN.
TO SAVE THE WOMAN HE LOVES,
TO SAVE THE EARTH ON WHICH
HIS FRIENDS LIVE, AND TO PUT
AN END TO THE CONFLICT ONCE
AND FOR ALL, SUPER GALAXY
DAI‐GURREN SETS SAIL WITH
SIMON ON BOARD.
>> Cybela: SPIRAL MONITOR
ACTIVATED.
PERCEPTUAL TELEPORTATION SYSTEM
RUNNING.
DIMENSIONAL COORDINATES
VERIFIED.
>> Ron: SIMON, FOCUS YOUR
PERCEPTION ON NIA.
>> Gimmy: I STILL CAN’T
BELIEVE IT.
WHEREVER NIA IS, IT’S INCREDIBLY
FAR AWAY.
CAN WE REALLY USE THAT THING TO
JUST JUMP THERE?
>> Darry: ALL THAT TALK IS WAY
OVER MY HEAD TOO, GIMMY.
BUT AS I UNDERSTAND IT,
IT PRETTY MUCH BOILS DOWN TO
SIMON AND NIA BEING CONNECTED
BY FEELINGS THAT TRANSCEND TIME
AND SPACE.
>> Gimmy: IF YOU SAY SO.
>> Lordgenome: I HAVE
CONFIRMATION.
WE HAVE ACHIEVED
A COORDINATE LOCK.
>> Ron: OKAY, SIMON.
WE’RE READY TO JUMP AT ANY TIME.
>> Simon: EVERYONE, LISTEN UP!
WE’RE ABOUT TO JUMP TO THE
ANTI‐SPIRAL STRONGHOLD.
I DON’T KNOW WHAT WE’LL FIND
WAITING FOR US THERE,
BUT NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS,
WE CAN’T AFFORD TO LOSE.
NO MATTER WHAT IT TAKES, WE’LL
WIN, AND WE’LL KEEP OUR
EARTH SAFE.
>> Zorthy: CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS?
I MEAN, HOW FAR DO YOU THINK
WE’RE GONNA GO?
>> Kidd: THAT’S AN EASY ONE.
>> Iraak: AS FAR AS IT TAKES.
>> Jorgun: FAR AS IT TAKES!
>> Balinbow: YEAH, WE GO
WHERE WE GOTTA GO!
>> all: Y’KNOW?
>> Simon: LET’S GO.
THIS IS IT, GUYS,
TEAM DAI‐GURREN’S LAST FIGHT!
>> Gabal: ENGINES AT FULL!
>> Ron: PERCEPTUAL TELEPORTATION
SYSTEM, ACTIVATE!
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
>> Kittan: WHAT THE HELL?
WE’RE THERE ALREADY?
>> Yoko: THIS IS WHERE THEIR BIG
BOSS IS?
>> Artenborough: [screams]
THERE’S A GIANT, NAKED WOMAN
FLOATING IN SPACE!
>> Dayakka: IDIOT, WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING AB‐‐
[all gasp]
>> Simon: NIA!
>> Nia: YOU CAME FOR ME!
[gasping]
>> Simon: OF COURSE.
I GAVE YOU MY WORD.
>> Nia: I KNOW.
I HAD FAITH YOU WOULD COME.
>> Simon: HANG ON.
I’M GONNA RESCUE YOU REAL SOON.
>> Kittan: IS THAT THE REAL NIA
WE’RE LOOKING AT?
>> Ron: OF COURSE IT’S NOT.
IT LOOKS LIKE A HOLOGRAPHIC
PROJECTION OR SOMETHING.
>> Nia: PLEASE BE CAREFUL,
SIMON.
THE ANTI‐SPIRALS ARE MUCH MORE
POWERFUL BEINGS THAN YOU
CAN EVER IMAGINE.
>> Simon: DON’T WORRY ABOUT ME.
I’LL WIN, NO MATTER WHAT.
THEN WE’LL ALL GO BACK
TO EARTH TOGETHER.
NIA, NO!
>> Yoko: WHAT’S HAPPENING TO HER
BODY?
>> Lordgenome: IT IS BEING
ANALYZED.
>> Yoko: "BEING ANALYZED"?
>> Lordgenome: NIA WAS BORN BACK
ON EARTH, WHERE SHE GREW UP
AMONG HUMAN BEINGS.
EXTENSIVELY DETAILED KNOWLEDGE
REGARDING HUMANITY IS STORED
WITHIN HER MIND AND BODY.
HOWEVER...
WHY NOW?
WHY ANALYZE THAT INFORMATION
AT THIS POINT?
>> Yoko: IF WHAT WE’RE SEEING IS
A PROJECTION, WHERE’S
THE REAL NIA?
>> Simon: LET’S TRY
JUMPING AGAIN.
THIS TIME, WE’LL GO WHERE
THE REAL NIA IS.
>> Kittan: WHAT THE HELL
IS THIS?
IT’S JUST LIKE LAST TIME!
>> Lordgenome I SEE NOW.
THE FAKE NIA IS ACTIVELY
INTERFERING WITH OUR PERCEPTUAL
TELEPORTATION.
>> Simon: DAMN!
ONE MORE TIME THEN!
>> Anti‐Spiral: FOOLISH PEOPLE
OF THE SPIRAL.
>> Simon: WHO’S THERE?!
>> Lordgenome: ANTI‐SPIRAL.
>> Simon: THAT’S WHO THAT IS?
>> Ron: WHERE IS THE VOICE
COMING FROM?
>> Cybela: IT SEEMS TO BE COMING
FROM EVERY DIRECTION.
>> Dayakka: HOW IS
THAT POSSIBLE?
>> Lordgenome: WE ARE IN AN
EVER SHIFTABLE AND MALLEABLE
UNIVERSE.
THEY CAN CONTROL IT ACCORDING
TO THEIR WHIM.
IT’S NO STRETCH TO SAY OUR ENEMY
IS THE UNIVERSE ITSELF.
>> Ron: OUR ENEMY IS
THE UNIVERSE?
>> Anti‐Spiral: YOU CLING TO THE
FAINTEST SLIVERS OF HOPE,
CLIMBING UP TIME AND TIME AGAIN
FROM THE PRECIPICE OF DESPAIR.
THE FOOLISHNESS OF IT ALL.
BUT THAT NOW COMES TO AN END.
YOUR LAST EMBER OF HOPE WILL
FLICKER AND GO OUT WHEN
THIS GIRL VANISHES.
>> Lordgenome: IF NIA
DISAPPEARS, WE WILL NOT BE ABLE
TO TRACK THE LOCATION OF THEIR
HOME WORLD.
>> Simon: NO WAY AM I LETTING
THAT HAPPEN!
>> Gabal: IT’S HUGE!
>> Anti‐Spiral: BEHOLD AND
LEARN.
THIS IS YOUR ABSOLUTE DESPAIR
GIVEN PHYSICAL FORM.
>> Simon: WE DON’T KNOW THE
MEANING OF THE WORD "DESPAIR"!
ARTENBOROUGH!
>> Artenborough: YOU GOT IT!
>> Yoko: WHAT IS THAT?!
>> Ron: SOME KIND OF
ENERGY SHIELD, LIKE THE MUGANN
POSSESS, ONLY STRONGER.
>> Simon: IN THAT CASE, WE
KNOW WHAT WE HAVE TO DO!
WE’RE TAKIN’ OUT
ARC‐GURREN LAGANN!
>> Viral: RIGHT.
>> Kittan: GEEZ, LEYTE, WHEN DID
YOU HAVE TIME TO MAKE THESE?
>> Leyte: SUPER GALAXY
DAI‐GURREN’S PRODUCTION CAPACITY
IS DOWNRIGHT TERRIFYING.
YOU GUYS DON’T REALLY NEED
ME ANYMORE.
>> Kittan: AS IF!
NOBODY ELSE BUT YOU COULD’VE
FOUND A WAY FOR US TO FIGHT
SOMETHIN’ BIG WITH SOMETHIN’
BIG.
>> Leyte: WELL, EITHER WAY,
IT’S IN YOUR HANDS NOW.
>> Kittan: YEAH!
>> Yoko: COUNT ON US.
>> Leyte: I’M COUNTING ON YOU,
TOO, DARLING.
>> Makken: [grunts]
>> Cybela: ACTIVITY DETECTED!
ENEMY SHIPS ARE LAUNCHING
FIGHTERS!
THERE’S A HUGE NUMBER OF THEM.
SHIP COUNT IS OFF THE CHARTS!
>> Zorthy: CHECK IT OUT!
THERE’S ENEMY FIGHTERS
EVERYWHERE!
>> Yoko: SIMON, ONCE WE CLEAR
A PATH THROUGH ALL OF THESE
GUYS, YOU CAN TAKE IT FROM HERE!
>> Simon: YOU GOT IT!
>> Kittan: OKAY, BOZOS!
TIME FOR ONE LAST BRAWL.
I DON’T WANNA SEE ANYBODY
HOLDING ANYTHING BACK, OKAY?
>> Yoko: DO I EVER?
I HAVE KIDS WAITING FOR ME BACK
HOME, SO I PLAN ON GIVING THIS
EVERYTHING I’VE GOT.
>> Kittan: YOU‐‐YOU GOT KIDS?!
WHAT THE‐‐
WHEN THE HELL DID YOU HAVE KIDS?
>> Yoko: [giggles]
A LADY’S GOT TO HAVE A FEW
SECRETS, YOU KNOW?
>> Kittan: SECRETS?
>> Darry: CONTACT WITH ENEMY
IN TEN SECONDS!
>> Kittan: RIGHT!
>> Gimmy: LET’S GO!
>> Zorthy: THERE’S TONS OF ’EM.
BUT THEY AIN’T SO TOUGH.
THEY GO DOWN REAL EASY‐LIKE!
>> Yoko: WE’VE GOTTA KEEP
WHITTLING THEM DOWN.
STAY FOCUSED ON ATTACKING THE
ENEMY!
>> all: WE’RE ON IT!
>> Kittan: NOW, SIMON, HIT IT!
[Simon yells]
[yelling]
>> Viral: THIS IS BAD!
WE CAN’T TAKE MUCH MORE OF THIS!
>> Simon: HANG IN THERE, VIRAL.
WE’VE ALMOST GOT IT!
[screams]
DAMN IT!
>> Yoko: HEY, SIMON,
ARE YOU OKAY?!
>> Simon: YEAH. COME ON, VIRAL.
LET’S GIVE IT ANOTHER SHOT!
>> Viral: WE TOOK SOME BAD
DAMAGE JUST NOW.
THAT THING IS TOO BIG.
I JUST DON’T THINK OUR DRILL
IS GONNA BE ENOUGH!
>> Simon: YOU MEAN, WE’RE GONNA
NEED TO USE AN EVEN
BIGGER DRILL?
WHERE ARE WE SUPPOSED TO FIND
SOMETHING LIKE THAT?
>> Leyte: I KNOW WHERE
THERE’S ONE!
>> Simon: LEYTE!
>> Leyte: IF YOU TRANSFORM
THE SUPER GALAXY DAI‐GURREN
INTO HUMANOID MODE, YOU SHOULD
BE ABLE TO USE ITS DRILLS!
>> Simon: TRANSFORM?
>> Lordgenome: THAT IS CORRECT.
IT IS THE HUMAN FORM IN WHICH
SPIRAL POWER IS MANIFESTED
MOST POWERFULLY.
TRANSFORMING SUPER GALAXY
DAI‐GURREN INTO HUMANOID MODE
WILL GREATLY AMPLIFY ITS
SPIRAL ENERGY,
AND IT WILL COME TO POSSESS
A POWER RIVALING THAT OF
A MICRO COSMOS.
>> Simon: SO SUPER GALAXY
GURREN LAGANN, HUH?
>> Lordgenome: IT IS NOT THAT
SIMPLE.
TO TRANSFORM SO VAST A VESSEL,
IT IS NECESSARY TO FUNNEL
MASSIVE QUANTITIES OF SPIRAL
POWER DIRECTLY INTO
THE MAIN ENGINE.
THE ONLY PERSON POSSESSING
SUFFICIENT SPIRAL POWER‐‐
>> Simon: IS ME.
>> Yoko: WELL, IT SOUNDS TO ME
LIKE WE DON’T HAVE ANY
OTHER OPTIONS.
>> Kittan: THAT’S RIGHT.
GET GOIN’, SIMON.
JUST LEAVE THESE LOSERS TO US
AND GO TRANSFORM INTO SUPER
GALAXY GURREN LAGANN.
>> Simon: YEAH, BUT ARE YOU GUYS
GONNA BE OKAY OUT HERE WITHOUT
ARC‐GURREN LAGANN?
KITTAN!
>> Kittan: COME ON, NOW.
I MEAN, WHO THE HELL DO YOU
THINK WE ARE, SIMON?
>> Zorthy: WE WANNA DO SOME
GRANDSTANDING, TOO.
>> Kidd: WE’LL BUY YOU THE TIME
YOU NEED.
>> Iraak: YEAH, BUT YOU’RE GONNA
OWE US ONE.
>> Jorgun: YEAH!
YOU OWE US! YOU OWE US!
>> Balinbow: YOU REPAY!
[all laughing]
>> Simon: I’LL BE BACK IN
A FLASH WITH A REALLY
HUGE DRILL.
I’M COUNTING ON YOU GUYS.
>> Kittan: OKAY, IT’S TIME FOR
TEAM DAI‐GURREN TO TAKE
CENTER STAGE!
COME ON, BOZOS!
LET’S TAKE ’EM DOWN IN STYLE!
>> all: YEAH!
>> Simon: WAIT FOR ME,
EVERYBODY.
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪ ♪
>> Kittan: SPACE SUNBEAM!
>> Gimmy: DAMN IT, THOSE GUYS
HAVING ALL THE FUN!
>> Darry: GIMMY, YOU’RE DRIFTING
IN TOO FAR.
STAY BACK.
YOU’RE PART OF THE GRAPEARL
SQUADRON!
>> Gimmy: AWW, BUT REAR GUARD
DUTY SERIOUSLY SUCKS.
>> Darry: MAYBE SO, BUT THAT’S
THE JOB WE WERE GIVEN.
>> Cybela: THE ENEMY BATTLESHIP,
IT’S BEGINNING TO MOBILIZE.
IT’S ADVANCING, HEADING RIGHT
FOR US.
>> Dayakka: NOW SHE MENTIONED
IT, ISN’T IT KINDA WEIRD THAT
THOSE BIG THINGS HAVEN’T
BOTHERED TO ATTACK US YET?
>> Ron: I WONDER IF THEY’RE PART
OF SOME KIND OF TRAP.
>> Dayakka: FALL BACK NOW!
FOR THE TIME BEING,
MAINTAIN OUR DISTANCE!
FOCUS ON CHARGING UP OUR
SPIRAL ENERGY!
>> Simon: LEYTE, HOW MUCH
LONGER WILL THIS TAKE?
>> Leyte: WE NEED TO GENERATE
48% MORE POWER.
ANOTHER TEN MINUTES OR SO.
I’LL MAKE SURE EVERYTHING
IS READY ON THIS END.
>> Simon: UNDERSTOOD.
>> Viral: KEEP YOUR COOL,
SIMON.
I FINALLY UNDERSTAND NOW.
YOUR SPIRAL POWER IS OFF
THE CHARTS.
YOU’RE ONE IMPRESSIVE SPECIMEN.
>> Simon: STILL, I HAVE A BAD
FEELING ABOUT THIS.
WHAT’S THIS VIBE I’M GETTING?
[Kittan screams]
>> Yoko: HEY, KITTAN, HOLD UP!
>> Kittan: HUH?
WHAT’S UP, YOKO?
>> Yoko: DOESN’T THIS SEEM
SORT OF STRANGE?
WHAT’S WITH THESE GUYS?
THEY’RE WAY TOO WEAK.
>> Kittan: NAH, DON’T BE SILLY,
YOKO.
IT’S THAT WE’RE TOO BADASS.
>> Gimmy: [laughs]
SCRATCH NUMBER 108.
WHAT?
FORM UP?
>> Darry: GIMMY, THAT’S THE
RALLY SIGN!
LET’S HEAD BACK TO DAI‐GURREN.
>> Zorthy: FORM UP, HUH?
DAMN, THINGS WERE JUST GETTING
GOOD.
WHAT THE HELL?!
WHAT?!
>> Kittan: WHAT’S UP WITH
THESE GUYS?
THEY GOT FAST ALL OF A SUDDEN.
>> Kidd: THOSE BASTARDS WERE
FAKIN’ IT!
>> Kittan: THOSE GRAPEARL
SQUADRONS CAN’T HANDLE ’EM!
WE NEED TO PROVIDE SOME COVER.
GRAPEARL SQUADRON, RETURN TO
SUPER GALAXY DAI‐GURREN
RIGHT AWAY!
>> Iraak: KITTAN, ZORTHY’S
GOT HIMSELF INTO TROUBLE.
KIDD AND I ARE GONNA GO
RESCUE HIM.
>> Kittan: YOU BIG DUMB‐ASS!
WEREN’T YOU LISTENING JUST NOW?
WE GOTTA FALL BACK!
>> Kidd: YOU WANT US TO
ABANDON HIM?!
>> Kittan: THEN I’M COMIN’
WITH YOU!
>> Yoko: YOU’RE GONNA DO WHAT?!
>> Iraak: WAIT A SEC.
THIS IS OUR JOB, KITTAN.
YOUR JOB IS TO LOOK AFTER THE
ROOKIES AND MAKE SURE THEY’RE
OKAY, ISN’T THAT RIGHT?
>> Kittan: IRAAK, WAIT!
>> Kidd: HEY, YOU HEARD THE MAN.
DO WHAT YOU GOTTA DO.
SEE YOU.
>> Kittan: KIDD!
DAMN YOU, YOU BETTER COME BACK!
DO YOU HEAR ME?
’CAUSE IF YOU DON’T, I’M GONNA
KICK YOUR ASS!
LISTEN UP, BALINBOW, JORGUN,
MAKKEN, AND YOKO, WE’RE GONNA
FOLLOW THE GRAPEARLS AND
COVER THEIR ASSES!
>> Zorthy: DAMN IT, GET OFF ME.
BASTARD!
SON OF A BITCH!
>> Kidd: ZORTHY, WE’RE ON
OUR WAY!
HOLD ON LITTLE BIT LONGER!
>> Zorthy: KIDD!
LOOKS LIKE I’M IN TROUBLE.
MY EJECTION SYSTEM
AIN’T WORKIN’.
[chuckles]
I HAVE COME A LONG WAY.
>> Kidd: ZORTHY!
[gasps]
OKAY, THAT’S IT, YOU BASTARDS!
[yelling]
>> Cybela: MULTIPLE HIGH‐TEMP
THERMAL SIGNATURES HAVE BEEN
LAUNCHED FROM THE ENEMY SHIPS.
PREDICTED TARGET IS THIS VESSEL.
>> Dayakka: HOW MANY?!
>> Cybela: THERE ARE 13 OF THEM.
>> Ron: LORDGENOME, DO WE HAVE
ANY INTERCEPTOR MISSILES?
>> Lordgenome: OF COURSE.
>> Dayakka: ARTENBOROUGH!
>> Artenborough: YOU GOT IT!
ALL MISSILES, FIRE!
>> Yoko: MISSILES?!
DARRY, WE’RE GONNA HAVE TO SHOOT
DOWN ANYTHING THAT GETS THROUGH
OUR FLAK CURTAIN!
>> Darry: ROGER!
>> Cybela: THERMAL SIGNATURES
MAKING CONTACT WITH
INTERCEPTOR MISSILES!
>> Dayakka: HOW MANY DID WE GET?
>> Cybela: HALF OF THEM!
SIX ARE LEFT!
>> Yoko: LEAVE THE REST TO US!
FOUR TO GO!
>> Iraak: REALLY SORRY, KIDD.
I’M ALL OUT OF AMMO OVER HERE.
>> Kidd: YEAH, SAME HERE,
PARTNER.
GUESS WE’RE IN SYNC RIGHT TO
THE END.
>> Iraak: SIMON!
THERE’S A LADY WAITING FOR YOU.
DON’T BREAK HER HEART.
>> Simon: THAT YOU, IRAAK?
>> Kidd: SIMON!
GET NIA BACK, YOU HEAR?
>> Simon: KIDD, LISTEN TO ME.
>> Iraak: ONE LAST FIGHT,
PARTNER.
>> Kidd: LET’S SHOW ’EM
TEAM GURREN...
>> both: NEVER GIVES IN!
>> Simon: KIDD! IRAAK!
>> Kittan: THEY WENT AND
BOUGHT IT WITHOUT US.
SELFISH BASTARDS.
>> Cybela: GIANT MISSILE FROM
A WARP GATE DETECTED!
>> Kittan: FROM HERE ON OUT,
THEY’RE NOT GETTIN’ THEIR WAY.
>> Dayakka: OH, NO!
>> Gabal: IT’S TOO CLOSE!
[Yoko screams]
>> Cybela: SECOND MISSILE
INBOUND!
[Yoko gasps]
>> Gimmy: DARRY, YOU’RE TOO
CLOSE TO TAKE THE SHOT!
>> Darry: BUT I HAVE TO TAKE
IT DOWN!
[screams]
>> Gimmy: NO!
>> Cybela: ANOTHER GATE,
THIS TIME, OFF THE PORT STERN!
>> Dayakka: FROM THE OTHER
SIDE?!
EVADE NOW!
>> Gabal: THERE’S NO TIME!
[Makken yells]
[gasps]
[groaning]
>> Artenborough: WHOA,
WE MADE IT?
>> Ron: THE DEFENSIVE SHIELD?
>> Lordgenome: CORRECT.
BUT THE SHIELD COULD NEVER HAVE
HANDLED A DIRECT IMPACT.
>> Tetsukan: SOMEONE OUT THERE
MUST HAVE RAMMED
THE MISSILE THEN.
>> Cybela: IT WAS MAKKEN.
I WAS PICKING UP MO‐SHOGUN’S
SIGNAL AT THE VERY LAST END.
>> Dayakka: MAKKEN.
>> Leyte: DARLING.
SPIRAL ENERGY CHARGE AT 95%.
GET READY, EVERYONE!
>> Gimmy: DARRY, YOU OKAY?
>> Darry: GIMMY?
>> Gimmy: YOU AND I ARE GOING
BACK TO THE DAI‐GURREN TOGETHER!
>> Darry: GIMMY, YOU WON’T MAKE
IT BACK IF YOU’RE TOWING ME!
GO BACK BY YOURSELF!
>> Gimmy: YOU DUMB‐ASS!
I JUST CAN’T DO THAT, AND YOU
KNOW IT!
DAMN IT.
>> Jorgun: GIMMY! DARRY!
>> Balinbow: YOU OKAY?!
>> Gimmy: JORGUN! BALINBOW!
>> Jorgun: COME ON!
LET’S GO HOME!
>> Gimmy: THIS ISN’T GOOD.
I DON’T THINK WE’RE GONNA
MAKE IT!
>> Balinbow: IT ALL RIGHT.
OUR TWINBOEKUN IS TOUGH!
IT AS TOUGH AS IT GETS!
>> Jorgun: I SEE SHIP!
>> Gimmy: SO DO I!
WHAT ARE YOU TWO DOING?!
>> Jorgun: GIMMY, YOU PROTECT
DARRY!
>> Balinbow: LIVE GOOD,
ENOUGH FOR US TOO!
>> Gimmy: JORGUN! BALINBOW!
[Jorgun and Balinbow laughing]
[Darry crying]
>> Simon: I WILL NEVER FORGET
THIS MINUTE, THIS SECOND.
I WILL NEVER FORGET THIS MOMENT.
>> Viral: THRESHOLD ACHIEVED.
>> Ron: SIMON, THAT DID IT!
TRANSFORMATION!
>> Tetsukan: GRAVITY FIELD
EMANATING OFF THE PORT SIDE!
>> Ron: WHAT IN THE WORLD IS
THAT WALL?
>> Cybela: I’M NOT PICKING UP
ANYTHING ON RADAR.
>> Dayakka: THERE’S A SEA
IN SPACE?!
>> Ron: HOW CAN THIS BE?
>> Viral: OUR ENERGY!
SIMON, WE’RE IN TROUBLE!
>> Simon: GET US OUT OF IT!
DAYAKKA, HURRY UP!
>> Gabal: WE DON’T HAVE
ENOUGH POWER!
>> Ron: THE SPIRAL GAUGE IS
FALLING STEADILY!
>> Dayakka: WHAT?!
>> Lordgenome: IT APPEARS TO BE
SOME SORT OF TRAP INTO WHICH
WE HAVE TOO EAGERLY WALKED.
[all screaming]
[rock music]
[man singing in Japanese]
♪ ♪
>> Simon: THIS SEA IN SPACE IS
A SPIRAL GRAVEYARD!
COUNTLESS HOPES LIE BURIED
IN ITS DARKNESS, BUT WE’LL FIND
VICTORY WITH A FLOWER THAT
BLOSSOMS IN THE FACE OF DEATH.
NEXT TIME ON GURREN LAGANN,
"I ACCEPT YOUR LAST WISH."